set active=true for default encodings (#1712)
twilio/twilio-video.js: CHANGELOG.md

**Version 1.x reached End of Life on September 8th, 2021.** See the changelog entry [here](https://www.twilio.com/changelog/end-of-life-complete-for-unsupported-versions-of-the-programmable-video-sdk). Support for the 1.x version ended on December 4th, 2020.

2.20.1 (In Progress)
====================
Bug Fixes
---------

> - Fixed a bug that was introduced in 2.19.0 where `LocalVideoTrack` from older iOS devices (14.x) did not publish media (VIDEO-8770)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug that was introduced in 2.19.0 where the published LocalVideoTracks of Participants on older iOS versions 14.5 and below did not encode and transmit media. (VIDEO-8770)
```
